README.md, before:

# view.DO Experience UI

![Pre-Release](https://via.placeholder.com/728x90/333333/FFFFFF?text=PREVIEW+RELEASE:ALPHA+0.1)

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/viewdo/experience-ui) [![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@viewdo/x-ui)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@viewdo/x-ui) ![Main CI](https://github.com/viewdo/x-ui/workflows/Main%20CI/badge.svg) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/viewdo/x-ui/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/viewdo/x-ui) ![size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@viewdo/x-ui) [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/viewdo/x-ui.svg)](https://gitter.im/viewdo/x-ui?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

Experience UI is a suite of custom HTML elements that turns a static HTML file into single-page web-experiences.

## Turbo-charge your HTML

Add application-like features to static HTML: partial-includes, routing, guided navigation, data-binding, dynamic content, declarative actions and more! All with little to no scripting and NO frameworks or build-process necessary.

## Learn more

<https://x-ui.dev>


### Thanks to

- **Stencil.js**: [SDK](https://stenciljs.com) for the best way to create web-components
- **howler.js**: [howler-js](https://github.com/goldfire/howler.js) best audio player on the market
- **SilentMatt**: [expression evaluator](https://github.com/silentmatt/expr-eval) for view condition expressions
- **JSONata**: [JSONata](https://jsonata.org/) for querying JSON! Very nice.

Commit message:

deps: pulled in remarkable for x-markdown

README.md, after:

# view.DO Experience UI

![Pre-Release](https://via.placeholder.com/728x90/333333/FFFFFF?text=PREVIEW+RELEASE:ALPHA+0.1)

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/viewdo/experience-ui) [![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@viewdo/x-ui)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@viewdo/x-ui) ![Main CI](https://github.com/viewdo/x-ui/workflows/Main%20CI/badge.svg) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/viewdo/x-ui/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/viewdo/x-ui) ![size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@viewdo/x-ui) [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/viewdo/x-ui.svg)](https://gitter.im/viewdo/x-ui?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

Experience UI is a suite of custom HTML elements that turns a static HTML file into single-page web-experiences.

## Turbo-charge your HTML

Add application-like features to static HTML: partial-includes, routing, guided navigation, data-binding, dynamic content, declarative actions and more! All with little to no scripting and NO frameworks or build-process necessary.

## Learn more

<https://x-ui.dev>

### Thanks to

- **Stencil.js**: [SDK](https://stenciljs.com) for the best way to create web-components
- **howler.js**: [howler-js](https://github.com/goldfire/howler.js) best audio player on the market
- **SilentMatt**: [expression evaluator](https://github.com/silentmatt/expr-eval) for view condition expressions
- **JSONata**: [JSONata](https://jsonata.org/) for querying JSON.
- **remarkable**: [remarkable](https://jonschlinkert.github.io/remarkable/demo/) for light and fast markdown processing
