packages/core/src/components/x-action-activator/readme.md, before:

# X-ACTION-ACTIVATOR

This element defines how and when a group of Actions, defined with the **`<x-action>`** element, are submitted to the [Action Bus](/actions).

## Usage

This element should only ever contain child **`<x-action>`** tags. The attributes tells the parent The parent tag defines how and when the child actions are submitted to the [Action Bus](/actions/bus).

```html
<x-action-activator activate="<activation-strategy>" ... supporting attributes ...>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
</x-action-activator>
```

### Activation Strategies

The **activate** attribute define the strategy for activating all child actions, in the order they appear.

#### OnEnter

The **OnEnter** activation-strategy only works when this element is a child of [**`<x-view-do>`**](/components/x-view-do) . The child actions will fire when the parent route is activated and the contents are displayed.

```html
<x-view-do ...>
  <x-action-activator activate="OnEnter">
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
  </x-action-activator>
</x-view-do>
```

#### OnExit

The **OnEnter** activation-strategy only works when this element is a child of **`<x-view-do>`**. The child actions will fire when the parent route is de-activated and the next route is displayed.

```html
<x-view-do ...>
  <x-action-activator activate="OnExit">
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
  </x-action-activator>
</x-view-do>
```

#### AtTime

The **AtTime** activation-strategy only work when this element is a child of [**`<x-view-do>`**](/components/x-view-do) . The child actions will fire when the parent route has been activated for the given time within the **time** attribute.

```html
<x-view-do ...>
  <x-action-activator activate="AtTime" time="3">
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
  </x-action-activator>
</x-view-do>
```

#### OnElementEvent

The **OnElementEvent** activation-strategy can be used anywhere within the **\<x-ui\>** container. The child actions will fire when the target element raises the target event.

```html
<x-action-activator activate="OnElementEvent" target-element="#submit" target-event="click" multiple>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
</x-action-activator>
<button id="submit">Enter</button>
```

#### OnElementEvent: Default Element and Event

The default activation is OnElementEvent and the default event is click. Also, if no target-element is supplied, it looks for the first element that isn't an action or script and attaches to its event.

```html
<x-action-activator>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <button>Click Me</button>
</x-action-activator>
```

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property        | Attribute        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Type                                                                                                                                                | Default                                   |
| --------------- | ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `activate`      | `activate`       | The activation strategy to use for the contained actions.                                                                                                                                                       | `ActionActivationStrategy.AtTime \| ActionActivationStrategy.OnElementEvent \| ActionActivationStrategy.OnEnter \| ActionActivationStrategy.OnExit` | `ActionActivationStrategy.OnElementEvent` |
| `debug`         | `debug`          | Turn on debug statements for load, update and render events.                                                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                                                                                                                                           | `false`                                   |
| `multiple`      | `multiple`       | Allow the actions to fire more than once per the event.                                                                                                                                                         | `boolean`                                                                                                                                           | `false`                                   |
| `targetElement` | `target-element` | The element to watch for events when using the OnElementEvent activation strategy. This element uses the HTML Element querySelector function to find the element.  For use with activate="OnElementEvent" Only! | `string \| undefined`                                                                                                                               | `undefined`                               |
| `targetEvent`   | `target-event`   | This is the name of the event to listen to on the target element.                                                                                                                                               | `string`                                                                                                                                            | `'click'`                                 |
| `time`          | `time`           | The time, in seconds at which the contained actions should be submitted.  For use with activate="AtTime" Only!                                                                                                  | `number \| undefined`                                                                                                                               | `undefined`                               |


## Methods

### `activateActions() => Promise<void>`



#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




----------------------------------------------

view.DO : Experience Platform

Commit message:

XUI-48 Added the ability for inputs to provide values to actions

packages/core/src/components/x-action-activator/readme.md, after:

# X-ACTION-ACTIVATOR

This element defines how and when a group of Actions, defined with the **`<x-action>`** element, are submitted to the [Action Bus](/actions).

## Usage

This element should only ever contain child **`<x-action>`** tags. The attributes tells the parent The parent tag defines how and when the child actions are submitted to the [Action Bus](/actions/bus).

```html
<x-action-activator activate="<activation-strategy>" ... supporting attributes ...>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
</x-action-activator>
```

### Activation Strategies

The **activate** attribute define the strategy for activating all child actions, in the order they appear.

#### OnEnter

The **OnEnter** activation-strategy only works when this element is a child of [**`<x-view-do>`**](/components/x-view-do) . The child actions will fire when the parent route is activated and the contents are displayed.

```html
<x-view-do ...>
  <x-action-activator activate="OnEnter">
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
  </x-action-activator>
</x-view-do>
```

#### OnExit

The **OnEnter** activation-strategy only works when this element is a child of **`<x-view-do>`**. The child actions will fire when the parent route is de-activated and the next route is displayed.

```html
<x-view-do ...>
  <x-action-activator activate="OnExit">
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
  </x-action-activator>
</x-view-do>
```

#### AtTime

The **AtTime** activation-strategy only work when this element is a child of [**`<x-view-do>`**](/components/x-view-do) . The child actions will fire when the parent route has been activated for the given time within the **time** attribute.

```html
<x-view-do ...>
  <x-action-activator activate="AtTime" time="3">
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
    <x-action ...></x-action>
  </x-action-activator>
</x-view-do>
```

#### OnElementEvent

The **OnElementEvent** activation-strategy can be used anywhere within the **\<x-ui\>** container. The child actions will fire when the target element raises the target event.

```html
<x-action-activator activate="OnElementEvent" target-element="#submit" target-event="click" multiple>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
</x-action-activator>
<button id="submit">Enter</button>
```

#### OnElementEvent: Default Element and Event

The default activation is OnElementEvent and the default event is click. Also, if no target-element is supplied, it looks for the first element that isn't an action or script and attaches to its event. If no target-event is defined, it assumes 'click'

```html
<x-action-activator>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <x-action ...></x-action>
  <button>Click Me</button>
</x-action-activator>
```

> *PRO-TIP:* This element appends any child input element's values to the actions it fires.

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property        | Attribute        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Type                                                                                                                                                | Default                                   |
| --------------- | ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `activate`      | `activate`       | The activation strategy to use for the contained actions. Values: 'OnElementEvent'\|'OnEnter'\|'AtTime'\|'OnExit'                                                                                               | `ActionActivationStrategy.AtTime \| ActionActivationStrategy.OnElementEvent \| ActionActivationStrategy.OnEnter \| ActionActivationStrategy.OnExit` | `ActionActivationStrategy.OnElementEvent` |
| `debug`         | `debug`          | Turn on debug statements for load, update and render events.                                                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                                                                                                                                           | `false`                                   |
| `multiple`      | `multiple`       | Allow the actions to fire more than once per the event.                                                                                                                                                         | `boolean`                                                                                                                                           | `false`                                   |
| `targetElement` | `target-element` | The element to watch for events when using the OnElementEvent activation strategy. This element uses the HTML Element querySelector function to find the element.  For use with activate="OnElementEvent" Only! | `string \| undefined`                                                                                                                               | `undefined`                               |
| `targetEvent`   | `target-event`   | This is the name of the event to listen to on the target element.                                                                                                                                               | `string`                                                                                                                                            | `'click'`                                 |
| `time`          | `time`           | The time, in seconds at which the contained actions should be submitted.  For use with activate="AtTime" Only!                                                                                                  | `number \| undefined`                                                                                                                               | `undefined`                               |


## Methods

### `activateActions() => Promise<void>`



#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




----------------------------------------------

view.DO : Experience Platform
